hey I'm Tommy West and this is our plus
7 review of the motorola droid turbo
welcome back on Tommy West this is a
plus 7 review where we take gadgets work
with them for about seven days live with
them and come back and tell you what
it's like to actually live with these
gadgets this week we're doing the
motorola droid turbo which in our
initial review is got an 8 out of 10
what's it like to live with this device
so how's the battery that was the big
tout about the motorola droid turbo was
that it had a 48 hour battery life in
our initial test we said it got about a
day and a half 36 hours or so on a
single charge before with the
two-percent we had it to go screen shot
real quick report went away and it's
held up I mean I've played with this
thing i watch HBO Go Hulu Netflix played
games like asphalt really graphics
intensive stuff and it holds up it lasts
you can charge it overnight go to work
with it spend your day with it come home
with it and still have a charge at that
point it's a little hungry if you really
push it it really wants to get on the
charger at that point but the biggest
thing that I've learned with this thing
is that twenty thirty percent of battery
life left that's where you typically get
that anxiety of oh now we're really down
now we really need a charge you don't
get that with this thing the motorola
droid turbo really makes you have to
rethink what it's like to own a phone
when you see those percentages so they
don't really mean the same thing that
they mean on other devices the one thing
people are really shocked about when
they get to see this phone in person is
that it's not that big in fact if you
actually look at it it's not much
thicker than other phones like here's
the HTC One my other flagship that I
usually use as my daily driver it's not
that much thicker like side by side you
can't even tell the difference well you
can tell the difference of is the build
quality here's the HTC One it's got that
aluminum finish it's really solid feels
like a premium phone this thing
feels like a premium phone but it's got
like a rubberized textured bath that is
really gripa bowl I don't feel like I
have anxiety walking around with this
thing without a case the big glass
screen to the front may give that to me
but I don't feel like it's going to fly
out of my hand at any time it really
feels gripa Bowl which is great the one
negative about this phone is the camera
app actually it's not that good it
doesn't give you a lot of great options
it doesn't let you focus and on point so
if you're using the camera and you want
to focus in on a specific subject out in
the distance it doesn't let you it has
to auto focus on its own or that's it
you can move around and adjust exposure
but it auto focusing is really up to
whatever this thing thinks should be in
focus which isn't that great for a phone
that has an amazing camera amazing
quality amazing detail it needs a better
app and it doesn't have it right now
even trying the google camera from the
Play Store it still doesn't add up it
still give you a lot of control that you
want to have in a camera that's good and
that's the only downfall so if you can
get past that and you really want a
phone that's gonna last you all day this
is still the way to go it's definitely a
flagship it's definitely powerful and to
definitely do a lot of things that most
of the phones can't right now which is
amazing the quality of this thing to
build everything it's fantastic so with
that the review score doesn't really
change still going to give it 8 out of
10 because it's still an amazing amazing
device that I found myself using more
and more and more and dropping my other
phones that I play with on a daily basis
like my s5 and my HTC One off to the
side this thing is fantastic you can
watch the original review for the
motorola droid turbo right here on
youtube at youtube.com slash this is pop
center you can read the full review that
goes into a lot more detail and give
side-by-side pictures with other phones
at this is pop center calm and don't
forget to subscribe to the pop center
podcast where i will talk to you every
week along with John and Maxwell and
Jenna d Augusta I'm Tommy West for pop
center I will see you next time
you